Greetings all here again I am fan sans
and this here is from the game channel
today I'm going to do a mini video
explanatory of a question that is asking me
making people who were like noses
pop is updated according to the
infinite money that I already made a video of
how to update if I leave here another
how to install bluestacks that do not
You need me here and I'm here
which is to install and good to have
infinite money in pop in its most
recent that serves both for mobile
as for computer according if they have
computer first all download
bluestacks and then download the the
pop and if they have the cool stacks installed
or they already have little in their mobile device
I agree that no memory for mobile
you need bluestacks what they do is
eliminate pop for example for mobile
they go to visit and they eliminate the
pop app me for example here in
bluestacks I'm going to click here not
I was wrong
sorry to vary a bit I'm going here to
settings
administer applications and where it puts
pop I give to the late continue it's worth
I give to gift and it is now now I could
install it you have to do it like that because if
no later it may take a very long time
in installing the elpozo according to here
I come back again here I will put yes and already
I will appear a little here with the money
with the infinite money forgive this
here is the most recent version that
I have the moment of pop to agree well
how good they have to put in the most
recent that obtained so far
they also have it for device and
continue on mobile do the same thing you
for example they go to body shop they buy
this and it leaves them all for free they do not lose
not a single euro of agreement and so with
all things if they want to unlock
something for example here in teams if I want
unblock well by saying something of the fc
barcelona from above and here will put
this article is blocked I give a
lock and I already unblock this good here
They are little things that are in some
agreement for mobile does the same thing this is
both for mobile and for the same pc
so good thanks for watching the video
with a like it helps a lot and remember
subscribe if you have subscribed if I am
here is from here thank you very much for
watch the video